so im applying to be an accomodation manager at an event called ains (artificial intelligence national summit) organized by IEEE CS branch, which is a national congress that takes place ususally in hammemet, and this is the 3rd version of it, we bring people from abroad that are ai experts to give us their knowlege, we have as well a hackaton with a prize pool of over 5000 tunisian dinars. so i dont actually have previous experience in my role . myrole consists of searching for the right hotel for the event , a venue that contains 400+ participants for the right price, so we are looking at a 4 star hotel for 2 nights, (pension complete). at the day of arriving im responsible of giving every participant their room and make sure they are satisfied. my work team consists of 11 or 12 people, let me break it down to u. community manger(which is the media chef), responsible of the uploads that happends on social media to promote the event etc.., event content manager: he is responsible to bring qualified people to come to the event: i may have to contact this guy  to take the coordinates of the (formateurs) , we have communication manager: responsible for promoting the event in the radios and tvs, goes on interviews etc.. logistics manager that is responsible of all the necessary equipement the day of the event. dont forget the first day we have a conference that reunites more than 400 people so we need lights and microphones ... organization manager that organizes the ruling of the event, from the check in to the closing ceremony, a general secretary that has the drives of everyone s work, when i want to have a meet with the people i work with, i tell her and she organizes the meeting and informs the bureau members, a sponsoring manager, a treasurer that i will often contact him, he is responsible of determining the budget of the hotel im gonna search for, all the money going in and out of the (caisse) he is responsible for. we have a participation manager which is a (HR), she is responsible of taking care of the members if a problem occurs etc,besides the communication manager may need me when its time to send emails for participants to pay, since i have all the coordinates of the people coming. anyway, can you give me possible questions they can ask me in the interview with possible response, and maybe give me some suggestions on how to prepare for this interview, where to search etc.. what are my tasks looking like



im going to work under the supervision of the program manager, he is responsible of coordinating all of these people, so he will be checking in my progress, and im responsible of giving him my tasks and what i did so far, because some people like the community manager cant work on designs and posts unless we find the hotel, so that he can use it in his templates. 
